In this exercise, you are asked to create
a CloudFront distribution with a origin group as the source of your data.
We've selected our CloudFront distribution,
but this has already been set up.
We navigate to the Origins and Origin Group tab.
We can see that we have two origins setup;
one representing each of our S3 buckets.
Scrolling down, we can see that we have one origin group.
This origin group is made up of both of these S3 origins that we've seen above,
and that we have a primary and a DR-S3 bucket.
We look at the Behaviors tab,
we can see that the only behavior we
have as a source of the origin group that we just looked at.
This will then allow CloudFront to serve data from
our primary S3 bucket in our primary region as long as it's available.
Should that region become unavailable,
S3 will automatically pull our data from the S3 bucket in our disaster recovery region.